Title: NER Task using BERT with data in XML-format

Paragraph:

Client Background
Client: A leading tech firm in the USA
Industry Type:  IT
Services: SaaS, Products
Organization Size: 100+
The Problem
The goal of this task is to create and implement a workflow that annotates People/Places/Organizations and assigns them a specific number (from a normdatabase). The NER-Task should be done by using Bert (NER-German https://huggingface.co/flair/ner-german or something similar).
Our Solution
 The input to this first task is a text in XML-Format. It is important that the structuring text is not altered by the NER. This could be possible by tokenizing the XML-elements in a different/seperate way, to then run the NER with BERT and afterwards add the elements afterwards at the exact position where the initially were. The tags that were added by the NER than can be easily replaced with the required tags in the XML-format. 
Solution Architecture
Input Data 🡪 XML Text Tokenization 🡪 NER Model 🡪 Replace NER Tags with XML Tags 🡪 Final Output
Deliverables
Python tool
Documentation
Installation 
Tools used
VSCode For Python script
Language/techniques used
Python Programming Language
Models used
Named Entity Recognition (NER) 
FuzzyWuzzytqdmFlairPandas
Skills used
Data LoadingData ProcessingData Restoring
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
During the project execution, we faced the following challenges:

Parsing of the input XML file.
Predicting the Name, Place and Organization.
Rearranging the XML file to its origin form with the predicted value.

How the Technical Challenges were Solved
To solve the technical challenges, we provided following solutions as follow:

It was not possible by the beautiful soup library. So by using the logically function start index and end index we break the sentence.
For predicting the NPO we used the flair ner-german model.
To rearrange the file we used start index and end index function which can be split with a certain condition and we place the predicted value in it.

Business Impact
The client can know easily predict the Name, Place, and Organisation from XML containing file by using our python script model.
Project Snapshots 

Fig. Input XML file

Fig. Output XML file with predicted values.
Project website url
Github: https://github.com/AjayBidyarthy/Sven-Meier-XML-tool/tree/master
Project Video



Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy 
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
