Title: Plaid Financial Analytics – A Data-Driven Dashboard to generate insights

Paragraph:

Client Background
Client: A leading financial firm in the USA
Industry Type:  Finance
Services: Financial Services
Organization Size: 100+
The Problem
Applying automation to Financial data coming from the Plaid platform that needs to be visualized in order to get better insights and metrics from data.
Our Solution
The intention was to create an automation tool that could consume the financial csv format data and perform preprocessing on that data and could directly present the insights on visually appealing dashboard.
Initially the step was to create a tool/website that could consume the data and preprocess it and send it either directly to dashboard or into a database so the data could be safe and through the database the dashboard could be linked and updates accordingly. 
The data source for the tool was to be a manual entry therefore we created a website and hosted it on a cloud platform(Heroku) to make it available all the time for all the desired users. The processed data from this tool will be send to the Google big query database and our GBQ will be linked to the Google Data Studio for the insights presentation. Therefore as the data will keep on updating in the google big query accordingly the dashboard in our google data studio will gets updated.
Solution Architecture

Deliverables
The final deliverable was the ready-to-use dashboard and website where the preprocessing of the data happens.
Tools used

Google Cloud platform – Google Big Query (Database)
Google Data studio(Visualisation/Dashboard)
Heroku Cloud(Hosting the web application)

Language/techniques used

Python

Skills used

Python programming
Data analytics/Visualisation
Google Big Query

Databases used

Google Big Query

Web Cloud Servers used

Heroku Cloud

What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
The project was easy to implement and the architecture was simple therefore no major challenges were encountered.

Project Snapshots 

Project website url
https://plaid-conversion.herokuapp.com/
Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy 
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
